Clarify that two releases will happen on two separate days, and clarify which one will happen first (#39)
ansible/ansible-documentation: docs/docsite/rst/roadmap/COLLECTIONS_8.rst

  Breaking changes will be introduced in Ansible 8.0.0, although we encourage the use of deprecation periods that will show up in at least one Ansible release before the breaking change happens, this is not guaranteed.

.. note::

>   When a prerelease of Ansible 8 happens in the same week as an Ansible 7 release, the Ansible 8 prerelease will happen on the day after the Ansible 7 release.

Reviewer: Since Ansible 7 is already EOL and there won't be any more releases. I think this is quite unnecessary. I would remove this.

Author: The idea is to have idential formulation (except version numbers) everywhere.

Reviewer: It doesn't hurt, I just think it's unnecessary. I can live with it :shrug: 

I think my other comment is more important.

Author: I think this is now no longer relevant since the previous version is no longer mentioned.

>   In general it's in the discretion of the release manager to delay a release by 1-2 days for reasons such as personal (schedule) problems, technical problems (CI/infrastructure breakdown), and so on.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  In general, it's in the discretion of the release manager to delay a release by 1-2 days for reasons such as personal (schedule) problems, technical problems (CI/infrastructure breakdown), and so on.
```

  When a release of Ansible 8 happens in the same week as an Ansible 9 release, the Ansible 8 release will happen on the day after the Ansible 9 release.

>   In general it's in the discretion of the release manager to delay a release by 1-2 days for reasons such as personal (schedule) problems, technical problems (CI/infrastructure breakdown), and so on.

Reviewer: This is not really what we discussed. If, for whatever reason, the last Ansible 8 release is scheduled for Monday and Ansible 9.1.0 for Thursday, there's no need to delay the Ansible 8 release. Or is there? Maybe something like:

> In general it's in the discretion of the release manager to delay a release by 1-2 days for reasons such as personal (schedule) problems, technical problems (CI/infrastructure breakdown), and so on.
> However, a release of the latest stable version takes precedence. This means that if a stable Ansible 8 release collides with a pre-release of Ansible 9, the latter will be delayed. But if Ansible 9.0.0 is already released, a new Ansible 8 release would be delayed in favour of a new Ansible 9 release.

The text isn't that great, but what do you think?

Author: Usually Ansible releases are always scheduled on the same day, since they happen one day after a corresponding ansible-core release.

Let me create a suggestion further below.

Reviewer: > Usually Ansible releases are always scheduled on the same day, since they happen one day after a corresponding ansible-core release.

Yes, _usually_. But they might also delay a release for personal (schedule) or technical problems.

>   When a prerelease of Ansible 8 happens in the same week as an Ansible 7 release, the Ansible 8 prerelease will happen on the day after the Ansible 7 release.
>   When a release of Ansible 8 happens in the same week as an Ansible 9 release, the Ansible 8 release will happen on the day after the Ansible 9 release.
>   In general it's in the discretion of the release manager to delay a release by 1-2 days for reasons such as personal (schedule) problems, technical problems (CI/infrastructure breakdown), and so on.

Author: @mariolenz I reformatted and slightly rewrote your suggestion:
```suggestion
  In general it's in the discretion of the release manager to delay a release by 1-2 days for reasons such as personal (schedule) problems, technical problems (CI/infrastructure breakdown), and so on.
  However, in case two releases are planned for the same day, a release of the latest stable version takes precedence. This means that if a stable Ansible 8 release collides with a pre-release of Ansible 9, the latter will be delayed.
  If a Ansible 8 release collides with a stable Ansible 9 release, including 9.0.0, the Ansible 8 release will be delayed.
```
What do you think?

Reviewer: LGTM!

@anweshadas @cybette What do you think?

Reviewer 3: LGTM, thank you both!
